Add compiler crash when ignoring the error cause using `_` in an error binding pattern to release note (#6665)
ballerina-platform/ballerina-dev-website: downloads/swan-lake-release-notes/swan-lake-2201.5.0 /RELEASE_NOTE.md

           sample:main(sample.bal:3)
    ```

> - Fixed a bug that resulted in a compiler crash when attempting to ignore the error cause using `_` in an error binding pattern.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fixed a bug that resulted in a compiler crash when attempting to ignore the error caused by using `_` in an error binding pattern.
```

Author: error cause is a part of an error: https://ballerina.io/learn/by-example/error-cause/ should we put `error cause` instead if it is misleading?

Reviewer: Shall we add a comma after the word `cause`?

  ```ballerina
  type SampleErrorData record {|
    int code;
    string reason;
  |};

  type SampleError error<SampleErrorData>;

  public function main() {

>     SampleError sampleErr = error("Transaction Failure", error("Database Error"), code = 20, reason = "deadlock condition");

Reviewer 2: Formatting (tab) seems off. Let's also simplify the example, IMO we don't need two detail fields here.

Reviewer 2: May not even need a custom error.
